- [Frank] In many circles,
knowing Java means that you also know Spring.
Spring Boot has become the almost default way
to build Spring-based Java applications.
The rapid development and built-in operational onboarding
allow you to focus on your business and customers,
and not on building new applications
and wiring enterprise equipment.
Spring Boot, a project introduced in a tweet,
has become the most efficient, productive,
and powerful way to build applications
using Java for enterprises,
as well as in cloud native situations.
While there are many other frameworks on the market,
many of which have their own value statements,
nothing today tops Spring in popularity and effectiveness.
Hi, my name is Frank Moley.
I'm a software developer, architect,
technical manager, teacher, and ultimately student.
I have been involved in the Spring community
since the early days of the framework,
and continue to use it, speak about it,
and teach it to others.
So let's get ready for a journey
of the essential aspects of Spring Boot.